JOINT MINING AGREEMENT

      This Joint Mining Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made as of _________, 2023, by and between __________ a Wyoming limited liability company (“Miner”), and ___________, an individual (“Host” and collectively with Miner, the “Parties”). 
RECITALS
      WHEREAS, Miner desires to acquire a location and facility to operate certain cryptocurrency miners (“Mining Hardware”); and
      WHEREAS, Host has available certain improved real property in [location] (“Hosting Location”) that the Parties have determined is sufficient to host such Mining Hardware; and
      WHEREAS, the Parties have determined and agreed that the planned operation of the Mining Hardware at the Hosting Location is a unique opportunity and could not otherwise be replicated or undertaken; and
      WHEREAS, Miner desires to acquire hands-on management, installation, maintenance, electric power, and provision of hosting space of the Mining Hardware at the Hosting Location (“Hosting Services”); and
      WHEREAS, Host has the capability to perform the Hosting Services for the Miner; and 
      WHERAS, the Parties enter into this Agreement individually and do not intend to enter into a partnership or joint venture.
   NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the matters described above, and of the mutual benefits and obligations set forth in this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows:
1. HOSTING SERVICES.
         a. Hosting Arrangement. Host shall provide for the Hosting Services at the Hosting Location. As part of the Hosting Services, Host shall provide for or arrange shelf and/or rack space, sufficient electrical capacity at the required voltage and wattage, provision of electricity, monitoring and adjustments of Mining Hardware to achieve the Service Level. 
         b. Service Level. Host shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Hosting Service and uptime of the Mining Hardware available to Miner ninety five percent (95%) of the time each month (the “Service Level”), except in the event of maintenance of the Hosting Facility and its associated infrastructure, Mining Hardware failure, governmental or regulatory intervention or the threat thereof, or Force Majeure Events.
         c. Installation. Host shall install all Mining Hardware in a commercially reasonable manner. Such installation shall include connection to electrical power supplies, network connectivity, technical support, and troubleshooting.  
2.  HARDWARE AND DELIVERY.
         a. Inspection and Installation. Upon receipt, inspection and confirmation that Mining Hardware is fully functioning, Host shall provide for the installation of Mining Hardware at the Hosting Facility.
         b. Operation and Start Date. Host shall make commercially reasonable efforts to commence operation of Mining Hardware on _______. 
3. MAINTENANCE.
         a. Facility Maintenance. Host shall use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct maintenance in a manner so as to avoid or minimize the unavailability of the Hosting Services. If a scheduled Maintenance is expected to interrupt the availability of Hosting Services, Host may give Miner notice by email prior to conducting such Maintenance, identifying the time and anticipated duration.
         b. Hardware Maintenance and Repair. Host shall be entitled to perform maintenance and any actions as deemed necessary or desirable with respect to Mining Hardware. To the extent that Host cannot perform simple repairs without passing costs for parts and labor onto the Miner, the Miner will be notified of an estimated cost and timeline for Hardware repairs to be completed. Host will make every effort to repair Hardware on-site, but may require Mining Hardware to be shipped to the manufacturer for critical repairs.
         c. Return of Hardware. Miner may request upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, for Host to return any and all Mining Hardware. 
4. MINING POOL; PRIVATE KEY.
         a. Selection of Mining Pool. Miner and Host shall timely determine the mining pool to join. Each Party is at all times responsible for monitoring pool performance and informing the other Party of any desired changes to the mining pool.
         b. Private Key and Wallet Security. All mining rewards, gas fees, and other compensation (the “Mining Rewards”) accrued by the Mining Hardware shall be deposited into a multi-signature digital asset wallet (the “Wallet”) with a service provider, such as Unchained Capital, in which both Parties shall be required to agree to any proposed transaction out of the Wallet. Each Party shall be solely responsible for the maintenance and security of their private key. 
5. PAYMENT TERMS.
         a. Hosting Service Fee. Host calculates and bills fees and charges monthly for the immediately preceding month. The Hosting Service Fee is calculated based on the actual power consumption of Mining Hardware and reasonable costs for maintenance and support provide by Host. The actual power consumption of Mining Hardware shall be determined by the respective, monthly change in consumption at the Hosting Location as calculated based on the corresponding monthly charge from the billing statements for the Hosting Location prior to operation of the Mining Hardware. Such actual power consumption shall be the responsibility of both Parties, each to pay one-half of all increases in actual power consumption at the Hosting Facility. 
         b. Payment Terms. Payment of the Hosting Service Fee shall be remitted monthly. Such payments shall be due and payable within fifteen (15) days of Miner’s receipt of the same. 
         c. Withdrawal of Mining Rewards. The Wallet shall receive all Mining Rewards produced or received by the Parties via the Mining Hardware and Hosting Services. The Parties agree to accrue all such Mining Rewards in the Wallet for the duration of this Agreement. Upon the expiration of this Agreement, or any termination of this Agreement, the Mining Rewards shall first be used to reimburse the Parties as set forth below, and then to each Party equally:
i. Miner shall be reimbursed for the cost of the Mining Hardware;
ii. Host shall be reimbursed for any amounts then-owing under this Agreement;
6. TERM, TERMINATION, MODIFICATION, AND SUSPENSION.
         a. Term. Unless terminated sooner as provided in this Agreement the initial term of the Services provided under this Agreement shall begin on the Commencement Date and expire three (3) years thereafter (the “Initial Term”). Upon expiration of the Initial term, this Agreement will renew automatically for an additional year (the “Renewal Term”, together with the Initial Term, “Term”) unless either party provides written notice to the other party of its desire to avoid the Renewal Term at least sixty (60) days in advance of the conclusion of the Initial Term.
         b. Termination for Convenience. Miner may terminate the Agreement for convenience by providing Host with 30-day written notice. Host may terminate the Agreement or convenience by providing Miner with a 30-day written notice.
         c. For Cause. Without limiting the foregoing, either party may terminate or suspend all or a portion of the Agreement if necessary to be in compliance with applicable law, rules, regulations, administrative or judicial orders or decree. The terminating party will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the other party, which may be via email or telephone, of such suspension. The parties agree that they will have no liability whatsoever to the other for any damage, loss, expense or cost as a result of such termination or suspension. If any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement are substantially breached and are not corrected within sixty (60) days after written notice thereof is given by a complaining party, then the complaining party shall have the option to terminate this Agreement by giving written notice thereof to the other party.
         d. Effects of Termination. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, each Party shall remit to the other Party all then-owing amounts under this Agreement. Host shall return the Mining Hardware as soon as commercially reasonable. 
7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
         a. Authority and Capacity. Each party represents, warrants, and covenants that (i) it has full legal capacity, right, power and authority to execute and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and (ii) its performance of obligations hereunder will not violate any applicable laws or require the consent of any third party.
         b. Title to Mining Hardware. Miner represents, warrants and covenants that (i) Miner has clear title, free and clear of all security interests or liens, to Mining Hardware, including the legal right to use, operate and locate the Mining Hardware; and (ii) receipt of Mining Rewards will not violate any applicable laws or require the consent of any third party.
         c. Facility Fitness. Host represents, warrants and covenants that (i) the Hosting Location has sufficient physical space to support the Mining Hardware and any associated hardware; and (ii) the Hosting Location has sufficient electrical capacity, supply, connections, voltage, and wattage capable of supporting the Mining Hardware and the proposed, associated operations; and (iii) the operation of the Mining Hardware at the Hosting Facility shall not violate any applicable laws, regulations, or local codes. 
8. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.
         a. As Is and No Warranty. THE MINING HARDWARE PROVIDED BY MINER IS PROVIDED “AS IS”. 
         b. Limitation of Liability. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR (I) LOST  PROFITS;  (II)  LOSS  OF  BUSINESS;  (III)  LOSS  OF  REVENUES;  (IV)  LOSS, INTERRUPTION OR USE OF DATA OR LOSS OF USE OF MINING HARDWARE; (V) ANY CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES; OR (VI) COST OF COVER, ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, RELIANCE, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (IF APPLICABLE), EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES ARISES OUT OF SUCH PARTY’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, BAD FAITH OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREUNDER WILL APPLY TO ALL CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTION, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY.
         c. Indemnification. Host agrees to indemnity, defend and hold harmless Miner and its officers,  managers,  partners,  members,  agents,  employees,  affiliates,  attorneys,  heirs, successors and assigns from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings and Losses arising from or in connection with (i) any legal, regulatory or governmental action against or including Host; (ii) the maintenance or operation of Mining Hardware; (iii) any Loss by any of Host, Host’s officers, managers, partners, members; and (iv) any breach or nonperformance by Host of any provision or covenants hereunder.
9. INSURANCE.
10. MISCELLANEOUS.
         a. Notice. All notices shall be in writing and regarded as delivered through e-mail communication. Any such notice or demand served by certified mail, return receipt requested, shall be deposited in the United States mail, with postage thereon fully prepaid and addressed to the party so to be served at its address above stated. Service of any such notice or demand so made shall be deemed effective on the day of actual delivery as shown by the addressee's return receipt or the expiration of three (3) business days after the date of mailing, which ever is the earlier in time. Notices to be served hereunder shall be addressed to the appropriate address set forth herein below, or at such other place as the party may from time to time designate in writing by ten (10) days prior written notice thereof:
If to Miner:


If to Host:


         b. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF WYOMING, EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULE OR PRINCIPLE WHICH MIGHT REFER TO THE LAWS OF ANOTHER STATE. FURTHER, THE PARTIES STIPULATE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS DEEMED TO HAVE BEEN MADE AND ENTERED INTO BY THEM IN THE STATE OF WYOMING. This Agreement and the respective rights and obligations of the Parties are subject to all present and future valid laws, orders, rules and regulations of any competent legislative body, or duly constituted authority now or hereafter having jurisdiction and this Agreement shall be varied and amended to comply with or conform to any valid order or direction of any board, tribunal or administrative agency which affects any of the provisions of this Agreement. With respect to any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement (the “Proceedings”), each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the state of Wyoming and the United States District Court located in Laramie County, Wyoming, and irrevocably waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have jurisdiction over such Party. Nothing in this Agreement precludes either Party from enforcing in any jurisdiction any judgment, order or award obtained in any such court.
         c. Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the complete and entire understanding between the Parties, superseding any prior agreements, respecting the subject matter of this transaction. The Parties to this Agreement declare that there are no promises, representations, conditions, warranties, other agreements, expressed or implied, oral or written, made or relied upon by any Party, except those contained in this Agreement.
         d. Survival. If any provision in this Agreement is determined to be invalid, void, or unenforceable by any court having jurisdiction, then such determination shall not invalidate, void, or make unenforceable any other provision, agreement, or covenant in this Agreement. No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall be held to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. All remedies afforded in this Agreement shall be taken and construed as cumulative, that is, in addition to every other remedy provided in this Agreement or by law.
         e. Non-Assignable. All of the covenants, conditions and obligations of this Agreement shall extend to and be binding on the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns respectively of the Parties to this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall not be assigned by either Buyer or Seller without the written consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent shall be required if either Buyer or Seller assigns this Agreement to an affiliated entity. For purposes of this Agreement, an “affiliated entity” shall mean any entity or person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such first entity or person. 
         f. Force Majeure. If either Buyer or Seller is rendered unable, for a period not more than thirty (30) days, wholly or in part, by force majeure to perform its obligations under this Agreement, other than the obligation to make payments then or subsequently due, it is agreed that performance of the respective obligations of the Parties to this Agreement, so far as they are affected by such force majeure, shall be suspended from the inception of any such inability until it is corrected but for no longer as practicable after the occurrence of the force majeure. The Party claiming such inability shall give notice of the Party’s inability to the other Party as soon as practicable after the occurrence of the force majeure. If such notice is first given by telephone communication, it shall be confirmed promptly in writing giving full particulars. The Party claiming such inability shall promptly correct such inability to the extent it can be corrected through the exercise of reasonable diligence. “Force majeure,” as used in this Agreement, shall mean acts of nature, washouts, tornadoes, earthquakes, storm warnings, weather related events affecting an entire geographic region such as freezes or any mass evacuations related to such weather-related events, vandalism, wars, civil unrest, rebellion, blockades, strikes, lightning fires, floods, explosions, hurricanes, and other causes not within the control of the Party claiming a force majeure. If at some future date there is a change in any law, rule or regulation, and by such change, governmental certificate or authorization is required, or either Party is prevented, prohibited or frustrated from carrying out the terms of this Agreement in the manner contemplated under this Agreement, then this Agreement, at the sole discretion of affected Party, shall be canceled.
         g. Amendment. No modification, waiver, amendment, discharge or change of this Agreement by the Parties shall be valid unless mutually accepted in writing and signed the Parties.
         h. Draft Presumptions. Each of the parties understands, acknowledges and agrees that each of the parties hereto has contributed to the drafting of this Agreement, and no provision hereof shall be construed against any party hereto as being the draftsman thereof. This Agreement shall therefore be construed without regard to any presumption or other rule requiring construction against the party causing this Agreement to be drafted. If any words or phrases in this Agreement shall have been stricken out or otherwise eliminated, whether or not any other words or phrases have been added, this Agreement shall be construed as if the words or phrases so stricken out or otherwise eliminated were never included in this Agreement and no implication or inference shall be drawn from the fact that said words or phrases were so stricken out or otherwise eliminated.

{Signature Page to Follow}

_____, LLC, MINER


_________________________
________LLC
By: __________, Manager


_______________, HOST


_________________________
_________________________

PAGE 1 OF 6

HOSTING AGREEMENT



